---
title: "Todays Date and What's New"
date: '2023-04-20'
---

## Introduction

Today is a pretty nice day here in Newark, and the date makes a pretty funny number. So far I've been continuing work on this website, updating features and formatting a bit. I decided to go with a simple vertical list of my featured projects, implemented a **React Spring** animation when hovering over the name of each project, and clicking will redirect to the github repo. I'm going to end up deploying these projects once I figure out how I want to do it. Do I want to Dockerize each project or take a different approach? For my Flask back end projects it would make the most since to Dockerize the front and back end, and use docker compose to orchestrate them.

## What's New?

### Learning TypeScript and Ruby

In addition to working on my website and figuring out deployment strategies, I've decided to go down the rabbit hole of two programming languages: **TypeScript** and **Ruby**. I want to expand my skills and become a more versatile developer.

### TypeScript

**TypeScript** is a superset of JavaScript that adds the optional feature of static typing to the language. It has become one of the most popular languages in web development.
With my next coming project, I will be using TypeScript rather than traditional JavaScript, and I believe this hands-on approach to learning the language will give me a great understanding of how it works.

### Ruby

**Ruby** is a dynamic, object-oriented programming language known for its clean syntax and focus on the enjoyment of the developer. I became interested in Ruby when I learned about the Ruby on Rails web framework, allowing for rapid development and simple maintenance of web apps.

Currently, I am taking the Ruby Codecademy course for the basic introduction to Ruby, from there I will create my first Ruby project.
